Let's go from zero target trader in 30
days. Today we measure overfitting
comparing in sample results with out of
sample performance. That's exactly why
we splitted our data from the beginning.
Now the numbers out of sample equity
curve is still rising [music] which is a
good sign. The edge survives however
performance degrades. Yes, average trade
increases from 105 to 152, but the win
rate falls from [music] 49 to 37%. And
the draw down increases from an 8% to
16%. This is a classic mild
overfeitting. The strategy has some real
underlying profitability, but it's not
robust enough yet. You might be tempted
to go live anyway, but professionals
stop here and try to improve it first,
which is what we're going to do